no no I follow you
a century cock
or
but always full
or it escapes
how it escapes
whoever looks like loses from kabul to
whore with almost everything
so in cities the colony berlin
in the long run
where
Donostia here on the antenna is fine
for the civil guard here on the road
you have to put this 4 this
of stars
and we will get there
and get off to get off get off back
I've probably made you find
a pass of ostia your stability and
what's happening here
then you can throw in piggyback
let's take a 4
here is to take this 4
to exploit them to stay two
r 1 but wait wait for the all in
all the walls you
the one that I have the three put your day in
the one that the municipalities box problems in
she
it does not matter
such as areas of interest
to blow up that
has not done anything what is now to see da
fear
host
home
I'm coming for you
how many windows does that payment have
let's see the moorings that the
tower after this is a fucking shit
let's get out of here we're not going to throw
to see this you have to be able to pull
because with time you swear
it seemed halo film is this
look look look if I put it here
we are contributing here flip to the team
mother
nothing I do not think it has been clenched gave
nothing
to them
and
I was part of gay
in fact here
wait for a car the car that happens
car
prepare it fix it wait you have me
to stop waiting for what's happening
uncle
to wake the house
what is happening not fast
my house of life
twenty-one
and now of art
at this moment
I am abdulá
the figs of boys of century
it would crash
I'm also going and maybe I'm going
and let's go
nothing
the tower is acojonan from the terrestar
it's been since it's done
do not